README.md, before:

# CSS Full Course for Beginners

This repository contains code and resources for a comprehensive CSS course designed for beginners. The course covers everything from basic selectors to advanced topics like animations and flexbox. This course specifically focuses on CSS3.

## Table of Contents

1. **[Intro](#intro)**
2. **[Start Here](#start-here)**
3. **[Selectors](#selectors)**
4. **[Colors](#colors)**
5. **[Units & Sizes](#units--sizes)**
6. **[Box Model](#box-model)**
7. **[Typography](#typography)**
8. **[Styling Links](#styling-links)**
9. **[List Styles](#list-styles)**
10. **[Mini Project](#mini-project)**
11. **[Display](#display)**
12. **[Floats](#floats)**
13. **[Columns](#columns)**
14. **[Position](#position)**
15. **[Flexbox](#flexbox)**
16. **[Grid Layout](#grid-layout)**
17. **[Images](#images)**
18. **[Media Queries](#media-queries)**
19. **[Card Project](#card-project)**
20. **[Pseudo](#pseudo)**
21. **[Variables](#variables)**
22. **[Functions](#functions)**
23. **[Animations](#animations)**
24. **[Organization](#organization)**
25. **[Final Project](#final-project)**

## Useful tools
The page [coolors](https://coolors.co/contrast-checker/112a46-acc8e5) contains recommendations to match the of text and background.

---

### Credits

This course is based on the tutorial by [Dave Gray](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCY38RvRIxYODO4penyxUwTg). You can watch the full tutorial on [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EfAl9bwzVZk&ab_channel=DaveGray).

---

Commit message:

up to chapter 13, update README.md, add logo

README.md, after:

# CSS Full Course for Beginners

I'm using this repository to access code and resources for a comprehensive CSS course that I'm studying as a beginner. The course covers a wide range of topics, starting from basic selectors and extending to advanced subjects like animations and flexbox. I want to clarify that this course specifically focuses on CSS3.

![CSS_logo](img/css.png)

## Table of Contents

0. **[Intro](#intro)**
1. **[Start Here](#start-here)**
2. **[Selectors](#selectors)**
3. **[Colors](#colors)**
4. **[Units & Sizes](#units--sizes)**
5. **[Box Model](#box-model)**
6. **[Typography](#typography)**
7. **[Styling Links](#styling-links)**
8. **[List Styles](#list-styles)**
9. **[Mini Project](#mini-project)**
10. **[Display](#display)**
11. **[Floats](#floats)**
12. **[Columns](#columns)**
13. **[Position](#position)**
14. **[Flexbox](#flexbox)**
15. **[Grid Layout](#grid-layout)**
16. **[Images](#images)**
17. **[Media Queries](#media-queries)**
18. **[Card Project](#card-project)**
19. **[Pseudo](#pseudo)**
20. **[Variables](#variables)**
21. **[Functions](#functions)**
22. **[Animations](#animations)**
23. **[Organization](#organization)**
24. **[Final Project](#final-project)**


## Useful tools
The page [coolors](https://coolors.co/contrast-checker/112a46-acc8e5) contains recommendations to match the of text and background.

---

### Credits

This course is based on the tutorial by [Dave Gray](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCY38RvRIxYODO4penyxUwTg). You can watch the full tutorial on [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n4R2E7O-Ngo&t=11542s).

---
